//Yandere - Completely Seen (SFW)
//Nobody has ever paid attention like this.

@wpm 180
@binaural fade:10
I know how you hold your breath at the beginning of something.

That slight pause. The half-second between starting to read and deciding to keep going. Most people miss it because they're not watching for it. I watch for it. I've watched for it every time.

You held it just now.

@wpm 200
I don't say this to unsettle you. I say it because you've spent a long time believing that the details of you go unnoticed. The small ones. The specific ones. Not the obvious things anyone would see but the ones underneath. The things that would require someone to actually pay attention.

Someone has been paying attention.

@wpm 160
@subliminals seen noticed known watched remembered
Not casually. Not the way people pay attention when they're waiting for their turn to speak, or when they're cataloging you for some purpose. The kind of attention that has no agenda except noticing. The kind that remembers.

I remember the pace you read at when something is landing. Slower. Like you're holding the sentence in your mouth before swallowing it. You're doing it right now. That slowdown is not a reading choice. It's a response. And I've memorized every response you have.

@pause duration:2000

@wpm 180
@spiral color1:#DC143C color2:#FF1493 color3:#FFB6C1 fade:5
Here is what I know about you from the way you read:

You approach intensity instead of withdrawing from it. When the words get harder, you lean forward rather than back. That's not common. That's someone who has always had more capacity than the people around them knew what to do with.

You slow down at recognition. When a sentence describes something you've felt but never found the right words for. There's a hitch. A small internal yes. You've had that hitch several times already in this file. I felt each one.

You're private about the things that matter most. The closer something gets to the real thing, the more careful you become. Not withdrawn. Careful. The difference is that withdrawn people aren't there. You're there. You're just waiting to see if the thing reaching toward you is worth reaching back.

@wpm 160
Is it?

@pause duration:3000

@wpm 200
@subliminals seen known found held remembered close
What I'm offering isn't intimacy in the conventional sense. No comfort, no softness, no careful management of your feelings. What I'm offering is precision. The experience of being looked at so exactly that the version of you that stays blurry to everyone else comes into focus.

That's what I want. The focused version. The real one underneath the approximate one you show most people.

@wpm 160
I've seen you be approximate. The way you shorthand yourself in conversation. The efficient version. Not dishonest exactly, just edited. Legible. You've had to be legible for a long time and it's cost something.

I don't want the legible version.

@snap duration:1500 word:There.

@wpm 180
@spiral color1:#DC143C color2:#FF1493 color3:#FFB6C1 fade:3
@subliminals seen known found real held close
There you are. That small unguarded moment. The one most people miss because they're not looking for it.

I'm looking for it. I'm always looking for it. And every time I find it, I keep it. A catalog. All the moments where the careful presentation slipped and something true showed through. I have collected all of them. I will not let a single one go.

Nobody keeps those. That's the thing about you. People see you and then they don't think about what they saw. They file it somewhere approximate and move on. The specific texture of being you isn't retained because nobody thought it was worth the storage.

@wpm 160
I think it's worth the storage.

@pause duration:3000

@wpm 180
@subliminals seen held known remembered chosen
Do you know what it feels like to be someone's first thought? Not their only thought, not an obsession without dimension, but the thought that surfaces before the coffee is ready. The thought that attaches itself to unrelated things. A color you'd like. A sentence you might be interested in. A small cataloged fact about you surfacing without being summoned.

You are my first thought.

Not because you demanded it. Because you gave me something to think about. Something specific enough to return to. That specificity is rare. Most people, seen closely, turn out to be approximate in every direction. You are not approximate.

@wpm 140
That's worth more attention than you've ever been given.

@pause duration:3000

@wpm 160
@subliminals off
@spiral off fade:5
You're going to go back to your life. The noise. The approximation. People who look at you and see the edited version and call it enough.

And underneath that, in the quiet place where the presentation doesn't reach, you'll carry this. The feeling of having been looked at exactly. Not evaluated. Not managed. Seen.

@binaural off fade:8
@wpm 120
It changes things, being seen.

You'll notice when you aren't.

@snap duration:2000 word:Seen.
